---
layout: post
title:      "CLI Gem Project/Scraping"
date:       2020-12-24 02:13:11 +0000
permalink:  cli_gem_project_scraping
---


This project took me a lot of different places and I feel like this is a good place to share my experiences and hopefully it can help some future Flatiron Students. My first piece of advice is to watch the Daily Deal video start to finish. It was great to see someone else start with a completely blank slate and make something that worked really well out of it. The whole idea of starting from nothing is slightly intimidating especially when coming from labs where we walk through things step by step or sometimes only fill in certain pieces of logic. Second, do yourself a favor and skip ahead one section to downloading your local environment if you do not have it done already. It will save you so many headaches from trying to get your progress from Github. Save your project locally and just work on it like you would with Microsoft Word. Don't forget to push your changes every once in a while. Third, save a copy of the website you are trying to scrape from. In my project I pulled information from a movie theatre's website. The only problem is that these theatres did not show movies Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday. Saving a copy of the HTML that will give you access to the things you need will save a lot of time from being wasted if you have a situation like mine. It also allows you to take your work with you and code on the go without an internet connection. (As long as you have your local environment set up and save locally.) Last, ask for help when you need it. I was stuck spinning my wheels for a long time and reaching out didn't necessarily give me the answer but I stole some of the ideas that I saw being implemented in the help that was given and those ended up being the things I used as I turn in my project. Good luck to anyone who may read this before their first major project! It isn't as daunting as it seems.
